okay what is up everyone darkside Phil
here and welcome to week 10 of the
hardcore gaming season giveaway for 2013
I know the lighting isn't like it
usually is i just threw something
together real quick to do this because i
got so much stuff i'm so busy right now
with my urine content my year-end series
excuse me now unfortunately I'm just
like my entire schedules full so I
didn't even have time to set up properly
I said let's just do this and get it
over with so we 10 this is cool I think
we're going to have at least two more
weeks of giveaways in the in store for
everyone so this week we're giving away
a new item we're not sure what yet but
we are going to draw the winner for last
week which was that knee no kuni
metallic case so let's go ahead and do
that okay so let's head over here as
usual as you can see there we go I set
it up go through 165 entries here it is
165 boom the winner is number 133 wow
it's only like one or two back here one
more back detective Cole detective Cole
you have one however your comment says
you wanted to win a game this week
wasn't a game he you should have watched
the video before you entered so anyway
detective Cole I will be messaging you
regarding that you have one I'll be
asking you if you want me to autograph
the case and or maybe some business
cards because the case is a nice
collector's edition case maybe you don't
want ink all over it and we'll go from
there alright but now onward let us see
what the next giveaway will be grab the
Hat
there's only two left there's only two
left we've been doing this damn we've
been doing this for almost three months
can you believe that the hardcore gaming
season flew by that fast as I can all
right let's just go for it this one
right here all right a full game this is
a game that if you own this console you
may not have checked out oh but it is a
console exclusive game it's a game that
I enjoyed thoroughly during the summer
when there was a lot of slow time some
people like that people who watched it
loved it people who didn't watch it said
just didn't get it so it's a very it's a
game that not everyone will get is
Pikmin 3 okay so Pikmin 3 is up for
grabs next week if you own OVU this is
one of the very few games that you
probably actually want for the wii u you
know what I mean because there really
hasn't been a lot that came out this
year so we Pikmin 3 4 we use up for
grabs if you want to enter for that
contest I'm going to put the link to the
the the link to the thread the forum
thread in the description of this video
click their post up once do not post
multiple times where you'll be
disqualified in one week's time I will
be drawing the winner ok so we're moving
on this is good we're almost there we're
almost at the end of the hardcore gaming
season giveaway however I've been
mentioning this on my streams recently
but i want to mention this to you guys
on youtube to only watch on youtube as
well we're gonna have the biggest
giveaway I've ever done come 2014 it's
something that I didn't think I was
going to do at first and I changed my
mind because I am moving forward
positively I definitely want to next
year mumbai all these positive changes
in store coming in 2014 and i wanted to
do something to celebrate i'm going to
be doing the biggest giveaway ever that
I've ever done and you won't believe
what it is when I finally tell you what
it is starting in January and there's
going to be eligibility both on youtube
and on this on streaming I'm going to be
honest people on the stream are going to
have a little bit more priority if
they're a paid subscriber okay because
basically everyone's going to be able to
enter on the forums and feed subscribers
are automatically entered but they're
entered into a much smaller pool ok so
I'll explain more about this as we get
closer but the biggest giveaway ever is
coming in 2014 let's put it that way but
we've got next week we'll pick the
winner of this weekend
one more week where we're going to draw
a new game so Wow we are just moving
full speed ahead with the hardcore
gaming season giveaway thank you for
participating I'll see you for gameplay
and peace out very good